these tweets are too good I gotta read
them to the Madlib says if my social
security benefits are a hand-up then I'd
like to stop handing in my part of my
paycheck to FICO please
yes that's my effing money and I want my
return on investment goddamn right I'm
entitled of my money there you go mad
lip earning your title and your right
sexy speed racer' says who's gonna hire
all these older workers when they lose
their jobs not their beloved
corporations I'm presently 61 and can't
find a decent job screw the GOP exactly
captain jingle pants says the Democrats
have nothing to run on anymore they
failed the dreamers miserably they
fought for nothing they shot the
government for nothing they got nothing
it's over for the Democrats man we got
some bipartisan fire and fury here and
they both deserve it and finally our own
Bart Kyle writes in he's doing audio for
us right now my father died when I was 2
years old from a construction accident
my sister and I received bereavement
benefits through my father's Social
Security till we were 18 years old it
was used to keep clothes on our back
food on our stomach and pay the bills to
hold my family together Social Security
was definitely a safety net for my
family when life throws you a curve ball
now
Bart's one the hardest-working guys here
and will often close up here okay so
don't talk to us about handouts okay
it's so that we all take care of our own
we take care of each other and that is
what decent people do and that is what
decent countries thanks for pointing
that out
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird
or you might say oops no that won't be
that one it won't be that one it'll be
great trust me TYT Network comm slash
joy